[DDI-477] Add CSS recommendations (#267)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/session-replay/sdks/plugin.md

- Assets on your site move or change name. This can happen when you deploy a new version of your application.
- Assets on your site are behind access controls that prevent Amplitude from fetching them.

To help resolve CSS loading issues:

> - Ensure your domain is publicly accessible. If you store assets on `localhost`, try moving them to a staging environment.

Reviewer: Actually would like to remove the rec on staging environment, we'll follow up with a rec on this. Probably just leave this at: "if you are developing locally, assets stored on localhost may not be accessible for the replay."

> - Ensure your domain is publicly accessible. If you store assets on `localhost`, try moving them to a staging environment.

Author: ```suggestion
- Ensure your domain is publicly accessible. If you work in a local environment, Amplitude may not have access to assets stored on `localhost`.
```
